Look at me and say it
He's the impostor.
How dare you pretend to be the patron saint of the continent
It's a sin
The true patron saint of the continent is Ye Wusheng
It is Yang Fan appointed by the Son of Heaven
Now what else do you have to say?
That's fine.
Wu Sheng will definitely call the shots for our nine clans
You are the patron saint
What are you guarding?
I protect Sijing Kyushu
Dazhou people
Ye Haoran
It seems that you still can't figure out the gap between you and him
You at best
It's just an identity given to you by the Son of Heaven
The girl has been blinded by the villain
Once you can't tell right from wrong, you deserve to forget
I'm looking for the dead girl to represent you
Stop being obsessed
The true guardian is the Martial Saint
What a martial saint
Then I'd like to ask
How do you protect Kyushu natural disasters?
I knew you wouldn't give up.
Stop landslides in the Eastern Zhou Dynasty
Stop avalanches in the Northern Zhou Dynasty
The sandstorm in the Western Zhou Dynasty was blocked
Southern Zhou tsunami tidal current
The Eastern Zhou Dynasty is saved
I left home saved
This is the true patron saint of the continent
Martial Saint Divine Might Appearance
Benefit the land of Kyushu
Apparition
Walk to the land of Kyushu
What are you fighting me with?
A mere mortal also wants to be on par with the gods
It was just a curse
But you offended the concubine by doing so
Don't believe me